# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via
    #   dashscope
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   nextcord
aiolimiter==1.1.0
    # via python-telegram-bot
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.21.3
    # via langchain-anthropic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   openai
apscheduler==3.10.4
    # via python-telegram-bot
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via wikipedia
boto3==1.34.74
botocore==1.34.74
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   python-telegram-bot
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
dashscope==1.14.1
dataclasses-json==0.6.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via langchain-anthropic
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   openai
filelock==3.13.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.3.1
    # via huggingface-hub
geojson==2.5.0
    # via pyowm
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.4.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core==2.18.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.111.0
google-auth==2.29.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.4.1
    # via langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
groq==0.4.2
    # via langchain-groq
grpcio==1.62.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.1
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.25.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   openai
    #   python-telegram-bot
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-mistralai
huggingface-hub==0.22.2
    # via
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.1.13
langchain-anthropic==0.1.4
langchain-community==0.0.30
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.37
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-groq
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-google-genai==1.0.1
langchain-groq==0.0.1
langchain-mistralai==0.1.0
langchain-openai==0.1.1
langchain-text-splitters==0.0.1
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.38
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.21.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
nextcord==2.6.0
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   transformers
openai==1.14.3
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.0
    # via langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
pillow==10.2.0
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.6.4
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   google-generativeai
    #   groq
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.1.0
pynacl==1.4.0
    # via nextcord
pyowm==3.3.0
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via httplib2
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   pyowm
    #   requests
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via botocore
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via pydantic-settings
python-telegram-bot==20.7
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   apscheduler
    #   python-telegram-bot
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
regex==2023.12.25
    # via
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   dashscope
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   pyowm
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
    #   wikipedia
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.1
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.4.2
    # via transformers
setuptools==69.2.0
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   apscheduler
    #   pynacl
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.29
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.5.2
    # via langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.15.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   transformers
tornado==6.3.3
    # via python-telegram-bot
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   transformers
transformers==4.36.2
types-beautifulsoup4==4.12.0.20240229
types-html5lib==1.1.11.20240228
    # via types-beautifulsoup4
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   google-generativeai
    #   groq
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nextcord
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzlocal==5.2
    # via apscheduler
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
wikipedia==1.4.0
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
